# Version 1.0

## Immersive Portals Support!
You can now use Immersive Portals alongside TARDIS Refined to create a Bigger on the Inside effect!

## Devices

+ <u>Landing Pad</u>
The landing pad acts as a summoner for a TARDIS. Right click one with a bound TARDIS key to call the TARDIS.

+ <u>Flight Detector</u>
A redstone-based block which will output a redstone signal strength equal to the progress in flight.

## Shells
+ Added Big Ben, Nuka, Growth, Portaloo and Pagoda shells
+ Added animations to a select number of shells where appropriate
+ Shells now incorperate the new Pattern system

## Desktops

+ The desktop selection UI now has a nice static to load in the images
+ Added Victorian, Future Nostalgia, Nuka and Violet Eye desktops.
~ Modified Coral and Toyota desktops.

+ Added Datapack Support for Desktops
- Add custom desktops via datapacks, generated by the new desktop generation command

## Internal

+ Replaced the dimension stone with Growth Stone which can be mined with the new Growth Drill
+ Added Hardened Growth Stone which acts as bedrock for the TARDIS dimension

# Patterns!
+ Customize your TARDIS for consoles and shells to add new textures!

## Commands

+ Added `/tardis_refined interior <DIMENSION_ID>` to teleport the player inside a TARDIS
+ Added `/tardis_refined data export desktop <X1> <Y1> <Z1> <X2> <Y2> <Z2> <INCLUDE_ENTITIES> <name_space> <desktop_id> <datapack_name> <display_name>`  - generates a desktop datapack for a select radius


# Other
- Added crafting recipe for internal doors
- Fixed halting the server when the TARDIS lands (we think)
- Fixed control entities spamming the console
- Fixed control entities dying in front of the player
- Fixed compatibilities with mods that take attributes from control entities
- Removed Dave from the inside of the console models
- Fixed the Console Manipulator deleting non-console blocks
- Changed the temperature of the TARDIS to be more humidified
- Changed key binding on the monitor so it doesn't open the monitor when clicked
- Removed the Bulk Head Door and ARS Egg from the creative menu
- Made our blocks require tools to break
- The Enderdragon can no longer break the TARDIS shell
